Reflect feedback (#5)
KKIEEK/mmediting: docs/en/tutorials/inception_eval.md

# Set Config File

FID and KID can be meausred after images from two distributions are extractes as feature vectors with the InceptionV3 model.

> To gain distance between extracted feature vectors, we can add `FID` and `KID` metric in `test_cfg` as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compute the distance between extracted feature vectors, we can add `FID` and `KID` metric in `test_cfg` as follow:
```
